until pls no double fisting some parsnip
the ilis behold army nutshell in you my
snick in poster army
what was that was it slim
no sexy he has three stops he has the
power to missions where are we this must
be his doing we are totally fucked
oh shit what the fuck I told the must
cannot articulate that fucking air sound
I knew I shoulda listened to Edwin until
those assholes just cuz I be from a
tropical continent with a bunch of trees
and monkeys and shit that mean I
shouldn't stand for this poo shit
what the hell a separate dimension I
better investigate this bullshit maybe I
find the mess holes to be saying that
shit about me you know where the F
you dismiss general
that's what you think serious
only those rule other senses would
quiver from your messes but what if they
were robbed from you you allow them to
see your expression that I will not
realize you with such a luxury your
imagination will produce a level of fear
that I could never emulate now you can
only guess at my words your miserable
corpse can no longer experience speech
how does your mind compensate for your
new deficiencies of course I left you
with one sense aim eternity will dear
shooting duration to get well acquainted
with a remaining sensation that your
courts can understand yes don't ever to
suck your students seasoning is wait the
sucker sell this dude not your doom
isn't still
chaos blast you were able to dodge most
of might last but it inflicted enough
damage to reveal who you are metal snick
your mastery and chaos control is
impressive you were able to neutralize
the power of the Chaos Emeralds and
manipulate dimensions to your favor your
hypnosis is certainly the most unique
use of chaos control
that has ever been attempt to it but
your methods are rather revealing your
illusion was centered around the loss of
sense something that you do not
comprehend for yours is artificial which
is not to say that what you seek ought
to be sought rather the premium you
place on the collection of illusions
that you bestow the title of reality
upon exceeds even the amount that living
games place even they can see through
their own farce allied often implicitly
but you who forces a distinction between
organic and inorganic matter to exist
who lies to transcend via mimicry are an
absurdity within an absurdity ironically
your goal has been acheived is this how
you retaliate tell me what is the
innovation of being so made a
meaningless what is added once you come
town nothingness ridiculous chaos or
nado please understand I do not do this
because it is a solution in any sense I
do this because you made the mistake of
challenging me
looks like I was able to fix you up
Poorna treated specimen I want to see
how far you can emulate organic life I
was allowed to borrow patient from the
psychiatric ward its elucidated then
he's fucking a murdering everyone he
comes across he's the perfect guy to
test out this new electrical indicated
stove where you're eating Chandni with
me regards
what the fuck what Madison care you
think I forgot that one you said in the
few outliers came to anal system wit my
nipples madison care